Release 1.4.2:

First release that uses ossimPlanet as the Zoomable User Interface
(ZUI).  This version no longer communicates with the obsolete
Performer-based ZUI or the interim OpenSceneGraph ZUI.


Release 1.4.1:

Fixes a bug that prevented outbound connections.

Includes mil.navy.nrl.cmf.sousa.idol.user.ShutdownCommand.java, which
was omitted from version 1.4 but necessary to compile package
mil.navy.nrl.cmf.sousa.idol.user.

Release 1.4:

As of Release 1.4, the package mil.navy.nrl.cmf.sousa.idol.user is
incompatible with the original SGI Performer-based viewer.  This isn't
a big deal for most SOUSA users because most don't have that viewer.
It does, however, reveal a big flaw in the osgidolviewer program: it
is impossible to control the viewer's location with precision.  Look
for a remedy in Release 1.5.


GUI changes:
	Annotation viewer and creator panels have been merged into one panel.
	Temporal chooser permits setting the upper and lower bounds of the 
	temporal search.

In the IDOL browser,
mil.navy.nrl.cmf.sousa.idol.user.Client_Initializer$Client_ControlLogic
is the authority for the state of the Entity, including the current
time and location.  The GUI and the ZUI change the Entity's state and
are informed of changes in the Entity's state by a CommandQueue, a
kind of a router.  CommandQueue directs RoutableCommands to any
LocalCommandObject (i.e. Client_ControlLogic, GUI, ZUI) that isn't the
source of the RoutableCommand and RemoteCommands a singleton
RemoteCommandObject (Client_ControlLogic) for delivery to one of the
Entity's Receptors.


Release 1.3:
Service Entities can supply Renderer "applets" along with Receptors.
Client Entities can ask for a Renderer by supplying an RFC2045 MIME
Content-Type string in the QoS of the FetchRequest.  Client Entities
can supply their own Renderer "plugin" instead of using the (possibly
null) one supplied by the service.

IDOL service Entities advertise Content-Type.

The IDOL browser has been refactored considerably.

The HUD of the VRGeospatialBrowser is less obtrusive than it was in
Release 1.2.
